README.md, before:

# The Project

The main project source is in `src/main`.

```
├── config                    server configuration files. See Fulcro docs.
│   ├── defaults.edn
│   ├── dev.edn
│   └── prod.edn
├── demo
│   ├── api
│   │   ├── mutations.clj      server-side version of mutations
│   │   ├── mutations.cljs     client-side version of mutations
│   │   └── read.clj           server implementation of reads
│   ├── client.cljs            client creation (shared among dev/prod)
│   ├── client_main.cljs       production client main
│   ├── server.clj             server creation (shared among dev/prod)
│   ├── server_main.clj        production server main
│   └── ui
│       ├── components.cljc    a sample component
│       └── root.cljc          the root UI
└── translations
    └── es.cljc                Spanish translations of strings on client UI
```

## Development Mode

Special code for working in dev mode is in `src/dev`, which is not on
the build for production builds.

Running all client builds:

```
JVM_OPTS="-Ddev -Dtest -Dcards" lein run -m clojure.main script/figwheel.clj
dev:cljs.user=> (log-app-state) ; show current state of app
dev:cljs.user=> :cljs/quit      ; switch REPL to a different build
```

Or use a plain REPL in IntelliJ with JVM options of `-Ddev -Dtest -Dcards` and parameters of
`script/figwheel.clj`.

For a faster hot code reload experience, run only the build that matters to you at the time,

Running multiple builds in one figwheel can slow down hot code reload. You can also
run multiple separate figwheel instances to leverage more of your CPU cores, and
an additional system property can be used to allow this (by allocating different network ports
to figwheel instances):

```
# Assuming one per terminal window...each gets a REPL that expects STDIN/STDOUT.
JVM_OPTS="-Ddev -Dfigwheel.port=8081" lein run -m clojure.main script/figwheel.clj
JVM_OPTS="-Dtest -Dfigwheel.port=8082" lein run -m clojure.main script/figwheel.clj
JVM_OPTS="-Dcards -Dfigwheel.port=8083" lein run -m clojure.main script/figwheel.clj
```

Running the server:

Start a clj REPL in IntelliJ, or from the command line:

```
lein run -m clojure.main
user=> (go)
...
user=> (restart) ; stop, reload server code, and go again
user=> (tools-ns/refresh) ; retry code reload if hot server reload fails
```

The URLs are:

- Client (using server): [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)
- Cards: [http://localhost:3449/cards.html](http://localhost:3449/cards.html)
- Tests: See below.

## Tests

Tests are in `src/test`

```
src/test
└── demo
    ├── CI_runner.cljs            entry point for CI (doo) runner for client tests
    ├── client_test_main.cljs     entry point for dev-mode client tests
    ├── sample_spec.cljc          spec runnable by client and server. No "main" needed for server (clj) tests
    └── tests_to_run.cljs         shared requires of all specs (used by CI and dev mode)
```

### Server tests:

Interacting with tests resuts via a browser (also allows test focusing, etc):

From a CLJ REPL:

```
user=> (start-server-tests) ; start a server on port 8888 showing the server tests
```

then navigate to [http://localhost:8888/fulcro-spec-server-tests.html](http://localhost:8888/fulcro-spec-server-tests.html)

If you'd instead like to see them pop up over and over again in a terminal:

```
lein test-refresh
```

### Client Tests

Run the figwheel build and include the `-Dtest` JVM option. The URL to run/view the
tests will be
[http://localhost:3449/fulcro-spec-client-tests.html](http://localhost:3449/fulcro-spec-client-tests.html)

### CI Tests

Use the Makefile target `tests`:

```
make tests
```

You must have `npm` and Chrome installed. See the documentation on `doo` for more information on
using alternatives (phantom, firefox, etc).

## Dev Cards

The source is in `src/cards`.

```
JVM_OPTS="-Dcards" lein run -m clojure.main script/figwheel.clj
```

Or use a plain REPL in IntelliJ with JVM options of `-Dcards` and parameters of
`script/figwheel.clj`.

To add a new card namespace, remember to add a require for it to the `cards.cljs` file.

## I18N

The i18n process is codified into the Makefile as two targets. The first extracts strings from
the source (which must build the js, and run xgettext on it, which you must
have installed, perhaps from brew):

```
make i18n-extract
```

and gives you instructions on generating translations.

The second takes the translations and generates a cljs namespace for
them:

```
make i18n-generate
```

## Standalone Runnable Jar (Production, with advanced optimized client js)

```
lein uberjar
java -jar target/demo.jar
```

Commit message:

added settings and cheat sheet

README.md, after:

# Files From Fulcro 2.0 YouTube Video Series

Most of the action is in the cards. See the [videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLVi9lDx-4C_Rwb8LUwW4AdjAu-39PHgEE)
for more information.

The IntelliJ Cheat Sheet and my Settings (Import on OSX ONLY) are in the top-level folder.

The main project source is in `src/main`.

```
├── config                    server configuration files. See Fulcro docs.
│   ├── defaults.edn
│   ├── dev.edn
│   └── prod.edn
├── demo
│   ├── api
│   │   ├── mutations.clj      server-side version of mutations
│   │   ├── mutations.cljs     client-side version of mutations
│   │   └── read.clj           server implementation of reads
│   ├── client.cljs            client creation (shared among dev/prod)
│   ├── client_main.cljs       production client main
│   ├── server.clj             server creation (shared among dev/prod)
│   ├── server_main.clj        production server main
│   └── ui
│       ├── components.cljc    a sample component
│       └── root.cljc          the root UI
└── translations
    └── es.cljc                Spanish translations of strings on client UI
```

## Development Mode

Special code for working in dev mode is in `src/dev`, which is not on
the build for production builds.

Running all client builds:

```
JVM_OPTS="-Ddev -Dtest -Dcards" lein run -m clojure.main script/figwheel.clj
dev:cljs.user=> (log-app-state) ; show current state of app
dev:cljs.user=> :cljs/quit      ; switch REPL to a different build
```

Or use a plain REPL in IntelliJ with JVM options of `-Ddev -Dtest -Dcards` and parameters of
`script/figwheel.clj`.

For a faster hot code reload experience, run only the build that matters to you at the time,

Running multiple builds in one figwheel can slow down hot code reload. You can also
run multiple separate figwheel instances to leverage more of your CPU cores, and
an additional system property can be used to allow this (by allocating different network ports
to figwheel instances):

```
# Assuming one per terminal window...each gets a REPL that expects STDIN/STDOUT.
JVM_OPTS="-Ddev -Dfigwheel.port=8081" lein run -m clojure.main script/figwheel.clj
JVM_OPTS="-Dtest -Dfigwheel.port=8082" lein run -m clojure.main script/figwheel.clj
JVM_OPTS="-Dcards -Dfigwheel.port=8083" lein run -m clojure.main script/figwheel.clj
```

Running the server:

Start a clj REPL in IntelliJ, or from the command line:

```
lein run -m clojure.main
user=> (go)
...
user=> (restart) ; stop, reload server code, and go again
user=> (tools-ns/refresh) ; retry code reload if hot server reload fails
```

The URLs are:

- Client (using server): [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)
- Cards: [http://localhost:3449/cards.html](http://localhost:3449/cards.html)
- Tests: See below.

## Tests

Tests are in `src/test`

```
src/test
└── demo
    ├── CI_runner.cljs            entry point for CI (doo) runner for client tests
    ├── client_test_main.cljs     entry point for dev-mode client tests
    ├── sample_spec.cljc          spec runnable by client and server. No "main" needed for server (clj) tests
    └── tests_to_run.cljs         shared requires of all specs (used by CI and dev mode)
```

### Server tests:

Interacting with tests resuts via a browser (also allows test focusing, etc):

From a CLJ REPL:

```
user=> (start-server-tests) ; start a server on port 8888 showing the server tests
```

then navigate to [http://localhost:8888/fulcro-spec-server-tests.html](http://localhost:8888/fulcro-spec-server-tests.html)

If you'd instead like to see them pop up over and over again in a terminal:

```
lein test-refresh
```

### Client Tests

Run the figwheel build and include the `-Dtest` JVM option. The URL to run/view the
tests will be
[http://localhost:3449/fulcro-spec-client-tests.html](http://localhost:3449/fulcro-spec-client-tests.html)

### CI Tests

Use the Makefile target `tests`:

```
make tests
```

You must have `npm` and Chrome installed. See the documentation on `doo` for more information on
using alternatives (phantom, firefox, etc).

## Dev Cards

The source is in `src/cards`.

```
JVM_OPTS="-Dcards" lein run -m clojure.main script/figwheel.clj
```

Or use a plain REPL in IntelliJ with JVM options of `-Dcards` and parameters of
`script/figwheel.clj`.

To add a new card namespace, remember to add a require for it to the `cards.cljs` file.

## I18N

The i18n process is codified into the Makefile as two targets. The first extracts strings from
the source (which must build the js, and run xgettext on it, which you must
have installed, perhaps from brew):

```
make i18n-extract
```

and gives you instructions on generating translations.

The second takes the translations and generates a cljs namespace for
them:

```
make i18n-generate
```

## Standalone Runnable Jar (Production, with advanced optimized client js)

```
lein uberjar
java -jar target/demo.jar
```
